\
{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}{\f1 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440

\f0\fs28 \b CSD-325 Module 7 Assignment \b0 \line
\fs24 Natasha Foreman \line
Date: October 27, 2025 \line\line

\b Part 1: Program + Unit Tests\b0\line
Follow the steps, taking a screenshot each time it's requested. Paste your screenshots where indicated below.\line\line

1) Create a directory named \b module-7\b0 in your CSD-325 folder.\line
2) Place \b city_functions.py\b0 and \b test_cities.py\b0 into that directory.\line
3) Read Chapter 11 in \i Python Crash Course\i0.\line\line

\b A. Initial Function (City, Country)\b0\line
- Run: \f1 python city_functions.py\f0\line
- Screenshot the output showing at least three function calls.\line
{\pard\qc\ul Paste Screenshot A here\ulnone\par}\line

- Run tests: \f1 python -m unittest test_cities.py\f0\line
- Ensure \b test_city_country()\b0 passes.\line
{\pard\qc\ul Paste Screenshot B (tests PASS) here\ulnone\par}\line

\b B. Require population (should FAIL)\b0\line
- Modify \b city_country\b0 signature to require \b population\b0.\line
- Run tests again (expect FAIL).\line
{\pard\qc\ul Paste Screenshot C (tests FAIL) here\ulnone\par}\line

\b C. Make population optional (should PASS)\b0\line
- Update function to make \b population\b0 optional.\line
- Run tests (expect PASS).\line
{\pard\qc\ul Paste Screenshot D (tests PASS) here\ulnone\par}\line

\b D. Require language (should FAIL)\b0\line
- Update function to require \b language\b0.\line
- Run tests (expect FAIL).\line
{\pard\qc\ul Paste Screenshot E (tests FAIL) here\ulnone\par}\line

\b E. Make language optional (should PASS)\b0\line
- Update function to make \b language\b0 optional.\line
- Run tests (expect PASS).\line
{\pard\qc\ul Paste Screenshot F (tests PASS) here\ulnone\par}\line

\b F. Final run of city_functions.py\b0\line
- Ensure three calls print: (1) City, Country; (2) City, Country + population; (3) City, Country + population + language.\line
{\pard\qc\ul Paste Screenshot G here\ulnone\par}\line

\b Part 2: Save Files\b0\line
- Save this document and both .py files in your \b module-7\b0 folder.\line\line

\b Commands Reference (Windows/Mac)\b0\line
\f1
cd path\to\CSD-325\module-7\line
python city_functions.py\line
python -m unittest test_cities.py\line
\f0\line

\b Notes\b0\line
- The provided \f1 city_country\f0 function already supports optional \b population\b0 and \b language\b0 in the final state.\line
- To capture the required FAIL screenshots, temporarily change the function signature as directed, re-run tests, then revert to optional arguments.\line

}
